Marketing programs > Github template with checklist.md (#4163)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/marketing/programs.md

strategic objectives.

**Required Elements for All Campaign Proposals** Every campaign proposal must

> include the following 5 components that will complete using [this GitHub issue template](https://github.com/FlowFuse/admin/issues/476):

Author: ```suggestion
include the following 5 components that will complete using [the new campaigns checklist template](https://github.com/FlowFuse/admin/issues/476):
```
